RibbitRewards Vault v2.0
=======

A Open Source Browser Based RibbitRewards Wallet. Version 1.0 beta by ShannonCode forked from OutCast3k

 Runs in any webbrowser on any OS (testing forthcoming)
 To run in stand alone mode [Electron](http://electron.atom.io/) has been utilized to create a stant alone browser application that can run on Linux, OSx and Windows 
 Note: Currently only Windows binaries are included (others are coming soon).
 Soon: Ability to use our bundled libraries or the ability to install electron on your own and usilize it with Vault is you so choose.
 
 To run in Desktop mode: run ```run Desktop.bat ``` 
 To run in Browser mode: open index.html in browser of your choice
 
 NEW and Coming Soon Features!
 
 - Identity HD key generated to identify your specific instance of the Vault
   - Soon the ability to use identity keys to authenticate with other devices for purposes of key exchange, backup, chat or Multi-Sig
 - Full browser storage of generated keys (partially complete)
   - Soon the ability to manage all keys, ones generated by you, pubkeys tou might have exchanged with others, and addresses of other users you might want to conduct business with. (Partners, Employees, Co-Signers, Other personal devices, Online storage, etc)
 - Multiple levels of secure p2p communications (2Way address channel, 2Way pubkey channel, 2Way privkey channel, nWay group chat, End to End encryption)
 - Ability to export keys in different formats for use elsewhere
 - Ability to encrypt locally
 - Multiple methods of key backup
 - P2P device key synching
 - Transaction history
 - Contact list
 - Long list of legacy support
 - Legacy encryption and derivation has been and will continue to be hardened

 Supports a number [legacy] features such as: 

- Offline Compressed & uncompressed Address creation.
- Offline Multisignature Address creation.
- "In browser" Key (re)generation. 
- Send and receive payments.
- Ability to decode transactions, redeem scripts and more offline.
- Build custom transactions offline.
- Sign transactions offline.
- Signatures are deterministic as per RFC 6979 (https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6979#section-3.2)
- Broadcast transactions.
- nLockTime support.
- Add custom data to transactions with the use of OP_RETURN.
- Support current Dark Wallet Stealth Address structure (as of version Alpha 7) for outputs.
- Brain wallet support.
- Offline qrcode creator and scanning tool
